webdesign
=========

webdesign web design service
a leading provider of web services and domain registration for small businesses, today announced its new , the end-to-end web design service called 'Build My Website-Custom ». This unique , all-inclusive offer allows small business owners to easily and cost to make a website that has an impact - without overspending , limitations or technical requirements usually associated with creating and maintaining a website . With «Build My Website-Custom» design service , Register.com is web service for small businesses ; Handling website design, hosting , e-mail and site maintenance in a hassle free solution of the product.

Utilizing years of experience serving the needs of small web businesses around the world , Register.com 's highly skilled Web Architects work directly with clients to build websites that meet the unique needs for brand building , marketing and direct revenue generation. The process of creating a custom site takes, on average, between 30 and 60 days. The service is based on a flat fee of $ 585 with a monthly maintenance fee of $ 99.

"Build My Website-Custom is a direct result of what Register.com has heard from small business customers. " Said Larry Kutscher, Register.com 's CEO. He added: "Our customers know that they have a strong web presence is a necessity in today's world have told us they need a trusted partner to help them establish or improve their website so they can concentrate on what is most importantly - . Running their business . That is why we have developed 'Build My Website-Custom », to provide a quality , professional web design solution for a fraction of the time and costs you expect to invest in the construction of a site. "

Apart from providing great value , 'Build My Web-Custom » offers small business customers the best service and support available . After 30 minutes of free consultation with Register.com, customers create their website through ' Build My Website-Custom " assigned an architect Web, single point of customer contact. The client and the architect to discuss their goals for the site ; Then map the layout and features of the site, which could include features such as shopping carts and virtual tours. Design elements such as photos and graphics may be provided by the customer or selected from a large library of photographs and illustrations. And unlike other services , Register.com does not set limits on the number of conversations or revisions can take to get a website published on customer satisfaction .

The package design includes an unlimited number of photos pages and links, and a full range of colors. Apart from building the site , Register.com helps the client to decide and register a domain name, set up email account , and optimize their site for indexing by search engines like Google and Yahoo!.
